hello everyone and welcome to episode 6
of hot line League it's an intense night
everyone
all starts just happen it's over we're
going to talk about that in the
beginning this show then we're gonna be
joined by esports pro former world of
warcraft pro player talked all about his
world of warcraft career take your calls
about his world of warcraft pro career
as ale
no I'm just kidding he's gonna talk
about all sorts of League of Legends
eSports so probably the premier meme
generator on the NA LCS right now yeah
that's probably true that's probably
true just in the funny thing is he
doesn't even try it just happens with
him you know tonight I'm joined by my
co-host mark Zimmerman taking your calls
all night long if you've never seen hot
line League you've never heard of hot
line League first off where you been
it's been six episodes ever let's talk
about this show we've had a sponsor
interest I have a loan I'm turning down
Samsung Microsoft Apple Google all these
people they all want to get into the
show alright
not a single believable sponsor where
was it Gillette where was like anything
that would have been believable or coke
all the biggest names Mercedes Porsche
they want to get it on the section but
you know what they're not here tonight
urs Oakley wants in you know who else is
here
mark Zimmerman how's it going mark it's
going great
my life isn't full do nothing mode today
I actually I was doing my laundry and I
was so like out of it not thinking that
I I just locked myself out of my
apartment with no keys no wallet no
phone I had a four quarters from my
laundry and I had a walk to ride to get
Josh to driving me home so that's that's
so sad yeah it's actually it was great I
wasn't gonna leave my apartment if that
didn't happen yeah so you know that was
like there's a welcome break to have to
walk home yeah well either way glad to
have you back as always mark is my
co-host here on the show for those of
you tuning in for the first time there's
a discord link that goes out in the
twitch chat and if any point in time you
see somebody asking about how they can
get on the show they put you know I
still mention mark discord that'll spam
the link mark you want to talk about how
that process works yeah so here's how
it's gonna work everybody I'm gonna need
you to click that link I just stand and
chat you join the discord when you get
in the discord you're gonna see that
there's a voice channel called General
and another one called general - you
guys are going to want to join those so
that if you have something I want to
talk to you about I can pull you into
the waiting room there's also the text
channels of general and that's where you
guys should post all your hot takes and
what you want to talk about so I'll be
scanning that over the course the show
anyone who's got something that you know
sounds interesting I'll pull you into
the waiting room and then I'll do a
little check make sure your mic works
and then you'll be on air talking with
Travis and I about whatever is on your
mind
yep and there is also a subs chat or if
you are a sub it takes a little bit
sometimes for discourse think of you pay
your question in there I'm sure mark
will check it it kind of gives you an
increased chance of getting noticed yep
so the way the way I treat that it's not
that subs have more privilege it's just
that there's less people spamming in sub
chat so it's easier to read people's
takes that's all yeah and you have
you're considered more valuable than
everybody else yeah you're a better
human being yeah exactly so if you'd
like to be a better human being please
feel free to sub as so many people are
right now will get a chance to read this
out right before the break but first off
let's get into the meat and potatoes of
this whole thing mark all starts
happened this last weekend and it felt
like something was missing from the
broadcast you know like just something
that really makes the events that I
watch at the NA LCS studio yeah there's
this always like you know the mainstays
that when you see that analysts test you
just expect some people's not there
it was just terrible I don't know where
I was all weekend he's one of the
biggest names for right sometimes not
there no obviously you weren't there but
I assume you were watching at home and
following along yeah about that what so
were you not I I was in and out a lot
more than that I usually am so like you
know world's I watched all of it live
even when was a time zone Friday I just
I didn't watch it all I just hung out on
my girlfriend but I watched the other
days okay so I didn't watch when North
America got eliminated yeah well I mean
that was to be expected yeah what
did you think of the event I it's tough
I I didn't like when it was all for fun
and there were all these like stupid
gimmick modes when it was like fire and
ice and here's a ton of random things to
do I I didn't like those ones at all my
favorite was still I think it was what
the season 3 1 when it was kind of like
this where was all everybody taking it
pretty seriously but then they had
actual things on the line where you got
a better seating for worlds or something
and I don't want that to quite be on the
line but it was that was my favorite one
and this one did not quite measure up to
it yeah I agree with that and I'm
probably gonna release of full Travis
talks just so that I don't take the next
45 minutes of the show to talk about all
my frustrations with I'll start but it's
weird so last year felt like it was too
long
it just was aggravating I think how it
just went on and on and it was a lot of
stuff that felt like it didn't really
matter I don't know it ever reason
Barcelona for like two weeks it was just
not I think the best way to run the
event the prom is this timely just like
basically recently this was the lowest
all stars has ever gotten interviews
well no no I just mean in general like I
felt bad you know and even the people
that I was talking to at the event and
the players and everybody just like what
is this event you know we're in the NA
LCS studio it's it's you know Chinese
dancer yeah like the LPL fans have just
taken over cuz even the Western like la
foot people don't really show up I don't
know I was just really disappointed in
the event I that being said there were
some great moments I wanted to be
diminish from that you know the Winnie
ins was a great moment I was laughing my
ass off in the audience long stuff it's
just like yeah it's it's weird when the
Tyler one invitational felt like a more
unique event than all stars did I think
that's where it fell short for me is
like all stars while it doesn't need to
be serious should at least be fun and it
didn't feel particularly fun we're like
there was nothing
out there and way means like exactly oh
my god
wacky and zany fucking I gotta wake up
but yeah I think like you should have -
with the crazy hair and you should have
all these crazy antics going on and like
get them out from behind the analysts
desk and have them like I don't know do
fun shit and I think that is an area
where it definitely fell short and and
like when you look at the Tyler won
Invitational like they can never just go
full Tyler won Invitational where it in
the middle of the cast rib is just like
holy fuck did you see that flash like
you can never go that far but you could
I think have done more fun stuff beyond
like here's the one be one because the
gameplay is always fine it's like the
hype around the event that I think needs
near I think they just were I mean and
they were ahead ahead of this event they
said you know we've decided to make all
stars feel more serious this year but
then and it's just the the real take
away from me and I think what what
eventually the video that I'll do on
this we'll just talk about it's like no
one knows what this event is anymore you
know you've got teams that are there
that haven't practiced at all and are
taking it not seriously then you have
teams that are tryharding and taking it
very seriously when they lose especially
the teams that aren't tryharding you
know I know faker in particular is
really upset whenever he lost I
interviewed him him afterwards and it's
just a it's like what even is this unity
of lolly sports like I'm coming out with
articles talking about you know how they
it's like a joke article about the
seriousness of the 1v1 but then you've
also got them saying it's a serious one
if you want so I I don't know it was
great to see some of the big names on on
stage and playing each other and there's
like you know the Suzy bjergsen 1v1 all
this stuff is super fun same derrickson
be faker but just felt like a strange
event
it's just fellow constraints but right
and I think if you want it to be serious
I think there needs to be like a little
bit more on the line like what was on
the line for this again honor and
respect yeah yeah that sounds like the
kind of thing that people are going to
prepare a lot for so I I'm mostly with
you I think even if you want the
competition to be serious
I still think you want some like level
of like big memory
going on yeah not sure yep yeah well I
think we'll we'll see how it develops
and and like I said I'll put out some
some longer thoughts and content about
it and a little bit we'll have a chance
for everybody calling and kind of share
their thoughts and allstars what the
what they liked about it maybe some
people thought that this was the best
All Stars and I'm certainly happy to
hear from and talk to those folks and
and others that have different ideas on
on what they would have liked to see and
that would be really cool are you
lagging at all cuz I'm getting like big
robot from you no I'm not hearing it I
will see if twitch chat ends up and
you're not hearing robot for me right
nope
all right the nice thing is we have to
reset here in a second anyway to get our
guests on so yeah so our quick wrap-up
thoughts the event didn't have a strong
sense of identity and left us kind of
like yeah about the whole thing
yeah maybe and I say this you know it's
a testament because the event was not
terrible but it's a so it's the
testament to what riot does for their
events but maybe the worst right event
in years well I think I think the reason
you can make that claim is because like
the sheer amount of star power at the
event and it just like didn't like if
you have shocks and - and all the
casters and faker and bjergsen Guzzi and
like literally all the biggest name in
the eSports you should probably I don't
know have to do more with it yeah but I
don't know but I know this was not that
different than rift rivals but rift
rivals was in the middle of the split
and it kind of allowed you to like
checkpoint like what was on the line
well the the ability to sort kind of
prove yourself before playoffs and
Worlds comes this just sort of feels
like oh well you were at least sending
over real teams and I understand the
idea of all stars being like your dream
team yeah but I I think you could do
something else with it to make it more
fun but like I said I think it's it's
hard to come up in the idea that
perfectly rides the line between
competitive and fun yeah well I think
we'll take a second here and we'll get a
Zil on mark up my whole plan for him was
just a sort of interview him a little
bit about his time at riot in his
background and sort of what he thought
about the offseason all that kind of
stuff and then
you know open up the calls yeah sounds
good I'm always down for open calls up
quick yeah okay let's go ahead and do
that so everyone we're gonna take a
quick break so that we can get a sail on
and when he does get here as I load up
my xsplit to prepare for all this when
he does get on we'll have a lot to talk
to him about so we'll be right back I'll
be right back
you
sir
all right and we are back with a Zeile
himself on the show wow what an honor
for you guys yeah hole and we're off all
right so uh I mean you come on our show
and you don't have the right lights you
don't have the aesthetic matching at all
I find that strange because you know you
go to the LCS every week and I thought
you of all people of all the guests that
we have would understand what it means
to have your production value on point
yeah yeah all I'm gonna say is that
placing the blame for that one squarely
Travis's lap Travis gave me some very
vague instructions no one has ever
watched the show before us and no one
could really tell me anything about it
asking people I'm like do you know what
happens on the show like is there
anything I should do for it everyone's
like what the book is hotline leave the
show okay here we go
I think you'll be ready for some of our
callers this is a good a sale so before
we get into the color moment let's talk
a little bit just about especially for
for the folks that don't know your your
background so I used a picture to
promote the show of you in a leather
jacket and we're considerable more hair
than you have now that's true yeah so
what is you know first off how long you
been at riot and what have you been
doing there and what were you up to you
beforehand I've been at riot like two
and a half years now or something but
not all that was casting this is a
lecture my first full year casting I
guess it's actually maybe even closer to
like two and three quarters almost three
years but um I was on play test team for
a while I did a little bit stuff like
basically with like game balance and a
live gameplay before that I casted other
games I was casting Starcraft
hearthstone Wow I was a WoW pro gamer
from like 2007 2006 till like 2014
basically so I did a lot of pro gaming
stuff did a lot tournaments I've cast
Wow at Blizzcon her so to Blizzcon cost
cast lots of different stuff so they're
doing eSports pretty much my entire
adult life like since before I was 18
I've been doing eSports and Here I am
great great stuff man and
what have you thought of the the
offseason changes and all that kind of
stuff that we've been seeing pop up
because I know you probably talked about
this a little bit on the dive but as far
as far as teams or as far as players
teams EU players coming over I'm just
asking kind of broadly to get you know
we're let the discourse re the discord
in the chat start to come up with ideas
and questions to talk to you about no I
mean Rouen says stuff like as far as
actually playing the game I've really
been enjoying it I've been playing a ton
of pre-season I do think it feels like
there are more options kind of mess
around with and everything I've always
really enjoyed theory crafting and just
kind of messing around with new stuff in
games so three seasons a lot of fun for
me just gonna try to figure things out
see what's OPEC what works see what
doesn't work all that kind of stuff and
as far as actual LCS goes I've been very
excited to start hearing the rosters
coming to be to see what teams were
gonna get into leagues so it's been very
fun for me to kind of hear about some of
the big brands coming in some of the big
roster changes I think everyone's gonna
be kind of hype for a new liquid squad
the TSM revamp CLC LG's gonna do like
some of the big four squads I think had
quite a few changes so it'll be pretty
interesting to see who the best teams
are and kind of how everyone's gonna
match up yeah this is an exciting night
I realized because in the past we
haven't had a guest on they could really
speak to the state of the game and sort
of what's going on in game because I
have no clue and so mark just mark can
talk about the stuff and runes and all
that stuff but I mean it's it's great
because no one can correct me
well you even though I'm hideously wrong
travis has no fucking clue and I'm
saying he doesn't even realize like he
didn't know runes got reforged and so it
kind of you know what's that there were
runes and League of Legends I don't even
really know it's just like runescape
that he's like yeah so the cool thing is
is that now it opens up a whole new line
a conversation with all of her colors if
you guys want to talk to a sail about
his time in the past what he did it riot
casting I think that we should probably
try and grab a couple questions just
from people who want to figure out how
to do casting and get involved on stuff
that we call but also if you have any
questions about the state of the game
ruins what champions you think are
sleeper hits and maybe didn't pop out at
all-star you guys can start filling up
the discord with those quest
now and we'll also discord link is in
the chat right now as well let's stop
beating around the bush Travis yeah
Isaac were you watching earlier when she
Travis was was reaming out all stars
yeah yeah right is gonna have to suffer
all ties yeah he's about to get a call
in a second from Wright pure get off the
show like you know what happens frog
indeed us they're giving them a call
right now no yeah I guess it is fair
what is what was your take on all starts
this past weekend sale and I don't just
mean like the production or theme but
also we can talk about the games or and
you know if the stuff that we saw I mean
I mean kinda just I guess it may be a
response are just on the topic of what
you guys were talking about as far as
like identity of the event everything I
think that's something that definitely
people are struggling with as far as
what they want it to be because
certainly like I'm ready and everything
it seems like there was a lot of
negative feedback but then people want
I think drastically different things
from all stars and I think that's kind
of how it's like bouncing back and forth
between formats like there's definitely
people didn't seem very happy with this
format but at the same time like
viewership and interest in general in
the previous format was not particularly
high for the scale of the event either
right like when you're looking at the
level of players that you have they're
like when you're talking about oh you of
fakery of oozy you have all the biggest
names in the world you have like world's
caliber players like worlds final
caliber players all there how many
people watch last year compared to watch
MSI compared to watch like an NA LCS
final compared to watch all that other
stuff right it's like the interest is
just not as high for it it seems like
unless there's really really high stakes
people aren't super interested I think
so to me like that's that's part of it I
think like my impression and I certainly
wasn't involved with like the planning
and and like everything as far as the
event goes but like my impression is
there's been a lot of asking from the
community like we want another
international event right like we want
more international competition and I saw
this all-stars format as a way to kind
of maybe try to fill that for it right
like you have really good players you
say hey let's make it more serious you
only play with your own region it's no
more fire no more ice
more ramos and wear this and wear that
and we're gonna have some sweet
summoners rift everybody happy cuz it's
international competition but obviously
it's not the same because the teams are
practicing together and everything like
I personally like some of the fun modes
like I think there's maybe like a happy
balance that you can find where if it
supposed to be a fun mode
everyone's like almost not forced but
like almost forced you know to take it
more like more lightheartedly and if you
wanted to be competitive then it has to
be probably like something like more
stakes online or something else to force
people to take more seriously as well
because like one of my issues with the
old format when you look at last year
like I actually really enjoyed last year
I enjoyed this year but one of the
issues I felt like with last year for
example when I was looking at tandem
mode which i think is super cool mode
you had people like Buicks and I can't
remember who he was actually playing
with he was a baker once I don't know if
that was last year or not but okay
he and faker have been like paired up
together okay well like with tandem mode
anyway like I can just remember Pearson
was playing a fizz we had some people
playing like Blitzcrank and like Yasuo
and like you have things that are
clearly very very difficult right and
and then you actually compare that to we
had clue LaVon Eve we had breakfast and
Uzi playing twitch like that's just
playing the champion the second person
isn't actually doing thing right like if
you're playing Eve you're literally just
sitting there the second person just
pressing Q the whole time because
there's no difficulty when playing
twitch reckless even interview is like
oh yeah i press t every once in a while
and sometimes he told me to press all
right like twitch that is not Tana mode
that is just being super trihard so like
to me you almost have to like limit
limit it because they're very
competitive players and most people want
to win and if you're saying hey guys
let's go have a fun mode and then half
the people go super fucking trihard and
the other people don't then it's not fun
for the people who didn't go trihard you
know what I mean so it's like there has
to be some way to kind of like find a
balance I guess and haven't run on the
same page yeah I think like things like
nemesis draft is a good way to kind of
force people to have to play dumb shit
and like exactly yeah I can agree with
that for sure it's it's the worst when
you see someone trying to have fun and
the other person like 100
see s wind condition let's go every game
just gonna farm yeah exactly
but yeah I mean I mean that's kind of my
opinion on it I guess like III don't
think it's perfect I'm expecting that
there will be changes going forward
hopefully you know they're they're gonna
try to take feedback and change things
like I do think that Raya has shown that
that's something that they're willing to
do when you look at LCS format change
obviously like went from best of one to
bo3 we're going back to best of one for
a reason right like I don't think that
they're averse to to kind of responding
to feedback and community sentiment so
hopefully we can find like a way that
it's enjoyable for everyone yeah and I
mean this this year was even I I give
them credit for the fact that this year
I think was a response to some people
who felt like last year's event was like
two too long and kind of useless at
certain points in time and they try to
change it up so it felt like more clean
and a little bit more serious but i know
i think i think it's still it's gonna
take a little bit more iteration before
we get it to really where's that did you
have any thoughts on the games
themselves or sort of the you know some
of the meta that we started to see you
pop out anything unique there I thought
there was some cool stuff I mean I I had
watched like all the Casper Cup games so
I felt like I had a pretty good read on
the kind of stuff I was gonna see like I
for the most part weren't one of the
biggest things that I'm enjoying more is
that you can play a lot more aggressive
junglers I think tank junglers can still
work but I think like kha'zix rengar we
didn't cease bring ours in but like I
think those types of picks can work
really well I think that like you can go
like almost full damage to j4 like there
is more flexibility in the kind of
builds you're doing and like the kind of
junk goes you can't pick which to me
makes it a lot more interesting
that's something I'm pretty excited
about as as far as like bot lane support
feels like a pretty good place because I
do think that there's hard engage
champions that work well you think
there's poke team is that work well only
my only real complaint with like where
it is right now and I mention this is
something that would change over time is
comment in comparison some of the other
rooms because I'm just feels like like
too good and I want you to be able to
run poke supports and all in supports
and all this stuff but right now it
feels like you can't do like press the
attack ad carry's you
can't do these sort of crib a state he
carries because everyone's just gonna
poke you out in Lane and maybe that has
changed with fleet-footed getting buffed
and stuff but like that's the only thing
I kind of didn't really enjoy because it
felt like cut out a lot of the ad
carry's that you could otherwise play
yeah marketing thoughts or should we
happen to calls I guess the one katate
I'd want to hear as the opinion on is
upping the stakes of the serious part of
all Sark's I think everyone wants some
seriousness and some trolling and like
fun game modes but one of the things
that was lacking I think for some people
this year for the serious game mode was
like any sort of implications at all and
I know people don't didn't like it you
know way way back in season four or
three when it was like winning gave you
benefits at Worlds and stuff like that
but what do you--what would be something
that you think you could do to increase
the importance of it so fans had like
more reason to watch beyond like I'm
gonna watch the big names because I feel
like that something was missing for me
personally like I feel like it should be
more of just like a fun event and like
less serious and have more like goofy
modes and to me like I think it's are
you changing colors I mean I just turned
into a Hulk or something person well you
have 65 so like my opinion is it like I
would personally like the world in which
I would love to see it live is that one
where it's more personality basic I
don't did I think I ever follow a
Starcraft
like homestory cup and that's our
homestory cup is great yeah cup is I'm
sorry cup is something where basically
this one guy he was hosting soccer
tournaments out of his apartment right
and it's like the pros are casting in
the games the pros are playing poker and
there's like cameras watching them do
that the pros are just like hanging out
and joking around and this sort of thing
and and that's something that I think
takes like a lot of buy-in and interest
from the pros because I don't know if if
you would even be interested in doing
that but like if you actually could get
people interested in doing that I think
that would be super fun right like I
would love to have
have an event where like bjergsen and
faker are casting like casting some of
the games or whatever you know these
sorts of things where it's like it's
more fun it's less serious because as
far as the stakes go I feel like from
talking to a lot of the pros they don't
want stakes because they don't want to
practice because the season is very long
and there's already like you're coming
out of Worlds you want to maybe relax a
little bit like straight out of
all-stars Europe the teams are already
starting scrims down right like serious
screams are already starting and adding
another tournament where it's like no no
no this tournaments for X amount of
money or this tournaments for like X
advantage of MSI are worlds or whatever
it is to me that just like forces your
hand where it's like you're almost
creating a g-tube vacation situation
where it's like oh if you don't take it
serious you fucked your region or you're
an asshole so you have to practice you
have to grind and I don't think that
they want to grind right like this faker
want to come straight out of worlds and
like get right back to the grindstone
like practicing with a team that he's
not even gonna ever play with during the
regular season like I don't think people
have the interest in doing that
yeah actually kind of like so one of the
things I was talking to a friend about
was that if you're not gonna put stakes
like a prize pool or anything into this
tournament you could turn it into like a
pseudo vacation so I'm sure all of us
would love this but the idea of like
having it in Hawaii at some resort you
don't even need an audience if you kind
of merge it with the homestory cup idea
we're like the whole it's just like a
bunch of people playing League of
Legends at a resort
you've got like - and bjergsen hanging
out doing analysis by the pool and
there's just kind of this like I think
hearthstone for instance still maintains
has maintained a lot of that grassroots
feel at their events you kind of have
like Vizzini stuff that happens we don't
really have that in League of Legends
anymore because the idea was like push
the professional stuff so it's in a
studio and it's cool and there's all
this production well it in a world what
about in a world where you just like
slash the production budget you don't
have an audience but you just make it
super silly and fun that'd be kind of
fun even even in a world where they like
outsource the production to a group
people that you know aren't going to try
and bring crazy cameras or whatever and
they're going to run a lot of it off of
what
and I kind of think it'd be it would be
cool yeah I mean that's a Pro Bowl and
football does that they were I don't
know if they still do but when I watch
they they it was in Hawaii and I like I
like the seat story cups or home story
cups whatever they're called these days
summit the same thing for smash bros
like I think all those are really well
received in their communities so a
similar thing could work in Hawaii you
just want to go to Hawaii to just saw a
free weekend just go to let's go to Cabo
let's go you know if you're really low
budget Israel if they didn't bring any
third party media that's yeah they don't
fly me places yeah but they have to
accommodate you they have to introduce
you to players you guys are you around
cuz you're probably gonna get into some
trouble yeah it's a vacation for players
and no one adds more stress to a
player's life in Travis let's take some
calls let's open up the lines whoo just
a reminder for everyone if you want to
get on the show I'm posting in discord
right now hop in there and make sure
when you type to me give me some hot
takes don't do not start your sentence
with I want to talk about but a lot of
blah-de-blah
tell me what you what you're saying in
what you want to talk about so I think
all-stars was great
I think all-star suck dick I think
Isaiah sucks dick you can say whatever
you want but please don't start with I
want to talk about all-stars because I
understand that that's your topic yeah
well he's well he's in the other room
showed a couple of sub Z Duke X up to
christian bach rafters Andrew says hey
daddy
Allstars was residentsleeper Thank You
fats of thorn 719 subbed to subbed a
couple more coming in so sale just for
context mark drops down the other
channel he talks to them just like a
tech test really quickly and then drags
in this video so there's a little bit of
a break between each of the colors which
is kind of nice so he'll have somebody
up here in just a moment or
alternatively no one's interested yet no
one's interested who you got mark sir
cattle is on the show sir cattle where
you come from Sydney Australia Oh
welcome our first caller is from an
international location
that's unusual thank you so much that
califor Colin what do you want to talk
about I just want to talk about how they
could maybe make
all stars both that fun and competitive
drive to it by like I still remember
quite well the expec a meet with the
Garin like solar kill getting out crazy
kind of stuff having those fun parts in
but then like they didn't really seem to
have enough of like competitive games
like each team played three games I just
didn't find you got a good enough seeing
of those teams and yeah I did kind of
wanted to see like a all for one
champion mode or something like that
just to have those memes in every sin so
what would you like to see do you just
did you like last year's format a lot
would you just like to see that return
or do you think that there's something
in between like what is your ideal
all-star sir can I like just both of
them combined together so I've like a
day just dedicated to having fun games
and then another day of like or three
days having that competitive tournament
just so you get the best of both worlds
yeah I think the problem is that you
start to end up in a world where the
players don't know like I think this
event was kind of like that too where
there wasn't enough time to take it
seriously or prepare for it and so in a
world where you literally have both it
kind of like sided and use a serious is
it not serious and the players don't
really know how to handle it and I think
even like the broadcast doesn't know how
to handle it right like all right is
this to prove that you're the best or is
it to just have a good time yeah fair
enough to be fair to him though like I
would say you know if you look at for
example like NBA all-star game or
something like that right there is like
the actual game itself is I mean it's
not super serious but it's more serious
than the dunk competition then like you
know the three-point competition that
these things are like more very clearly
like the fun mode type things right like
where as far as from the broadcast point
of view they're not talking about like
implications on these people's career if
they're not doing well in the dunk
competition or something you know like
it's it's more for fun and then you have
the real game where it's a bit more
serious but it's still you know kind of
for fun yeah
I think that's something that you even
like the main all-star events at the MLB
and at an MBA like while they have the
fun game modes and they have the actual
all-star game
some people like go out and try and do
you know pretty good at those events but
then you also have like Shaq trying to
like shoot threes and stuff like that so
I would like to see it kind of maybe on
that level we're like you know people
are trying to win but every now and then
it's just like a screw you know this
doesn't actually matter and they just go
for something fun what about if there
was a fun mode just kind of popped into
my mind where or maybe this is a
competitive side or something I don't
know all the players have to pit play on
launched League of Legends you got 40
champions the graphics are not nearly
that great you have to deal with the
kind of sketchy rune pages and masteries
I don't know I think old timey League of
Legends we can just get rid of all the
new talent and bring back all the
casters from back in the day - yeah
you've just got like ribbon freak and
freaks basement freaks basements good
six sunfire cape gear baby actually
that's where we're trending right now
you know we went from Barcelona now
we're in the ALCS Tito next year if the
trend continues we'll be in freaks mom's
basement you know like just three Casa
zone basement now you know we could just
use his basement no no it's got to be
freaks wall space okay okay yeah I
assume he lives in California and it's
not commuting in and I don't know if
anybody in this state has has basements
either way thank you so much sir cattle
for coming on the show good to talk to
you thanks for having me hold it to hold
it down in Australia I shout thank you
alright a couple more subs
we've got Soret who reset for four
months Korea lost it was a great event
he really likes the event J for y'all
has subbed impossible katana subs Dallas
apartment subbed Harry toe to resub
happy Anniversary he says a pasta Jade
alright marks back we got this time
Leigh Big Bear where he calls Big Bear
I am from Issaquah Washington so
basically Seattle okay you know there's
an area in
California called Big Bear really yeah
the world yeah crazy smoke what do you
want to talk to us about the girl oh
well I thought all stars sucked because
you really had no real reason to watch
it because like even the whole like
Guzzi storyline where it's like oh you
finally won something it's like who
gives a shit that you win all stars so I
was thinking maybe you take notes from
traditional sports where I know you guys
kind of touched about it but the MLB had
that the home one team got home if they
what ever side got home for the first it
got rid of that though yeah they did get
rid of it but just trying to make it
matter in some way or the NFL like since
its sucked for so long and nobody
watched about it and all the players
didn't care they just tried to make it
something interesting where old players
took it and they would like draft a team
so maybe getting players from different
regions to play with each other could
also be interesting yeah I mean they've
done that in the past to you what what
could be done because rift rivals
doesn't matter
also why don't you pair up the two I use
you that was a serious international
tournament did fantastic at it was
clearly a native of our skill in
comparison Europe was that it didn't
play into regular season or Worlds at
all it was it was a very important event
but it didn't have serious implications
prestigious very informed didn't affect
worlds can we tie that in with all-stars
we're like whoever does better at
all-stars or something is who gets to
host rift rivals or something along
those lines so like yeah yeah you could
try and tie in those two events because
they don't have importance at Worlds or
something that's actually a good point
yes revels being outside the circuit of
connection here could somehow have some
sort of like all-stars have some sort of
impact you the problem is with this is
that you can't make it super serious
like the impact because the there's it's
just the time of the year that all
serves is that like there's no way for
these teams to actually prepare and take
seriously you know as a player gonna be
negotiating his contract and being like
sorry I can't sign until after all-stars
because I'm too busy scrubbing with my
team but like that's why I think the
rift rebels idea is fine like if it's
just who hosts rift rivals it doesn't
super matter to me though that the
argument doesn't really hold water about
about ref rebels cuz if your argument
and like I'm not saying it doesn't this
F doesn't matter cuz like I still even
as a fan always watched all-stars cuz I
just like watching these players play I
still will watch for problems because I
like watching these players play but
like if you're saying riff rivals
doesn't matter and all-stars doesn't
matter then why should anyone care if
you get an advantage at one from the
other
right like does that actually add any
stakes like if your argument is both
these events don't matter but let's make
them related to each other that's gonna
make it better right like to me that you
have to then like it's kind of arguing
against yourself almost I feel like rift
rival rift rivals actually did matter to
an extent it was not like it didn't
actually matter but the fact that people
like felt emotional more about it I
think I think the when we say it doesn't
matter I think it doesn't matter in
terms of impact on worlds or
regular-season or like tie-in tests as
Travis said circuit but I think people
enjoyed rift rivals because it allowed
them to see how their team stacked up
internationally I mean I would say
personally that that like so so
obviously there's more of that but like
I think a big reason that the English
audience felt somewhat disconnected from
all-stars personally is because both na
and you didn't do well and na in
Appalachia that's right like yeah but
the viewers felt which was not great
when na na you were still in it was much
better better yeah like there is when
you watch when you watch like referrals
I think the biggest reason that people
resonate like resident more through
frumble's is because it's it's a huge
rivalry like any any you people I was
talking shit people loved saying like
any smash you use matches na like oh
well you know people are just more
engaged with that like I personally feel
like if if you had the semi-finals and
it's versus na people all of a sudden
feel like way more engaged people
you'll like it matters much more you
know like I don't know how the LPL fans
felt or the LMS fans felt about the
event like I would be kind of interested
to hear that
he was saying he's from Korea and
thought it was interesting and enjoyed
it but he said he probably people
probably hated it because na lost well
yeah I'll keep my eye on the discord and
see if he chimes in again
yeah all right also I if anybody wants
to talk about stuff that Asian all-stars
I don't want to turn this into the two
hour-long show about how all-stars
sucked as much as you know I think there
is stuff to talk about there I have a
someone in the waiting room who is not
going to be talking about all-stars I
think we have think someone more eager
yeah do you want the last all-star call
you want one more I'll start an all-star
color and then we can move on all right
let's see who else there we go hello hey
puddle where you come Friday
I am from Salt Lake City Utah hey
welcome to the show
mmm great one time listener first time
caller yeah thank you
you were actually maybe the first person
to make that joke on the show even
louder you know I've had that one in my
head for like three weeks now so I'm
Travis Travis come on yeah don't pull
his leg puddle you're a genius
what do you want to talk about I mean no
believes that actually listens anyway so
it's fine yeah I don't I don't want to
beat the all-stars topic to death too
badly
but I did like the event I think maybe
that means I'm not the target
demographic for eSports or something
because you know there's so many mixed
feelings about it but I just think that
my ideal kind of postseason event would
be voting for my favorite players and
then seeing them play real 5v5 League of
Legends I don't think I have any strong
desire to see kind of goofy game modes
or anything like that so I think maybe
that means that like I said I'm not the
the target for this kind of event or
something like that but I did like the
format of all-stars and I think I
strongly disagree with maybe the common
sentiment that there was this confused
identity or something like that so the
exact target yeah I was gonna say it's
not for me well only because so many
people you know
seems like there most people it seems
disagree with me right that there's you
know the majority it may be everyday
eSports Watchers seems to feel a little
bit differently yeah one thing I will
say about that is is even though like
obviously right right it's in a minute
seem pretty negative people's think a
lot of people still watched right like
people still are interested so like
there are I think with a lot of topics
it's like it's a very vocal group like
if people feel very strongly oh this is
shit or well this is amazing then
they're gonna talk about it there or
maybe like let their opinions be known
but I think there still was like a large
a large group of people that did enjoy
it right look I wouldn't think that that
you're like the only person or something
all stars we found the one guys so what
did you did you okay were you because a
lot of the counter-arguments would be
that this was not like yes you voted in
your players you saw them on our team
they played competitively but some of
the counter argument would be that the
players didn't really have time to
prepare for it or you know they didn't
some of them didn't take it very
seriously and others did do you not have
any issue with that complaints or with
those complaints or with those issues I
I don't think so and I think the reason
is because it's like you know these are
your faces that you don't you're never
gonna see play together again right like
I don't think that there should be any
necessity that there's like you know
12-hour days of practice or some sort of
strange all-stars boot camp that
everybody's going to I think I'm more
than happy to see you know people that
are unlikely to play together play
together and see some chemistry and some
dynamics that you will not see during
the normal season that can only be done
and in regular 5v5 week great were you
were you okay with it being in the NLCS
studio and sort of the show that I saw
so that's the thing that I did want to
talk about it's the one kind of
disappointment for all search for me was
I I was disappointed that was that riot
because I don't necessarily I don't
think that I understand the purpose of
kind of like involving the whole
community in a fan vote and getting
everybody's favorite people all together
and then you know because I would have
absolutely like I definitely would have
come out and seen an event in a bigger
you know an arena or something like that
and I'm surprised that
huge event like all sirs where you're
getting so you know people's fan
favorites and then it's completely
inaccessible to the fans to actually
attend I think that's my if there's a
disconnect for all-stars that's the
disconnect hurry I mean you see that but
there were probably a hundred LPL fans
that flew across the ocean to attend yes
are there words you couldn't make a Salt
Lake City maybe maybe I could have but I
think that I just think it makes sense
to be hosting events like this and in a
bigger stadium and I thought Travis that
I saw you tweet something to that effect
yeah yeah I agree I agree I'm joking a
little bit because I I'm torn right now
I don't know if all the LPL fans were
there because the NA audience wasn't
really interested in attending and
buying tickets or what the deal was
because and some of the days that seemed
kind of empty right so but you
definitely don't want to do is find a
stadium or something like that and have
it a corridor full because first off
from a budget standpoint that's terrible
and secondly it just looks awful and
feels bad but you know I do think you
could have tried to find like a theater
in Los Angeles that's what I suggested
in last show but I'd worry also that you
know I'm just kind of concerned about
how many people was shown up I don't
know my final question for is a land
kind of a puddle as well did you feel
like the players personalities were
showing off enough at the event because
that's one of the things I felt like I
was missing and maybe I just didn't
watch enough in between the games but it
did feel like it was not like too much
fun stuff going on with the players
themselves like being able to do stuff I
mean I could answer first for me
personally I think there was some
players you got to see a lot of
personality from like I think that the
best display of that to me was like
freak doing the like this movie bar are
interviews and things like that I
thought that was really fun I thought
like crawl like his interviews talking
about Reddit and stuff kind of show off
his personality I thought we got to
learn more about jisu and then you know
like the Ephram we sneaky interview I
thought was holy and it's like some like
the yankles Pew interview I thought was
hilarious like I thought there was some
good stuff but as far as like how much
is being shown off it can be tough
because a lot of times
like my impression is that people don't
want to do more like they they are
either uncomfortable to be on buckets
more or whatever so it's like I think
that it would be cool if we could find
more opportunity so chef player
personality cuz I always think like
that's an excellent thing both for for
us for them for everyone right if you
build up player brands more people wanna
watch their games where people want to
watch the league more people wanna watch
everything like it's just it's just good
all around but you need player buy it
right so if tons of players are super
interested in doing it and I think I'd
be fantastic but if they're not then
doesn't matter how many opportunities
there are if no one's raising their hand
yeah hey thanks so much for calling in
puddle good talking to you and we can
looking forward to hearing you in the
future future show after Corey all right
we are done with all-stars okay I'm not
talking about anymore double over in Van
Daan all right yeah if people want to
talk to us or zal about his life you
know what's he doing what's that animal
that was in the background that moved
around a little bit ago I have a dog I
have two cats yeah and you can learn
more about that in a second Zeile at
ride is ale I caught the second half of
that I am i doing it right yes there
sure there we go
at Venus is on the show where he called
from Venus calling from Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania how's it going on
Pennsylvania it's the it's all right the
snows kind of piling up oh no all right
well what do you got for us an sale I
got the new clash mode that was
announced today I know that my
competitive thing yes so for those that
don't know clash is a new feature that's
coming to the League of Legends client
next year where you will be able to
enter into like it's a short run of a
tournament that takes place over I think
a couple days yeah I think I think it's
a couple days yep
and this was announced officially if
sales trying to figure out if it was
announced officially or not and it was
announced officially you enter with blue
essence and now okay it's number one on
reddit yeah and you I sense and you
compete in a bracketed format over the
course of I think it's a couple days
it's tickets not blue assets so is it
you buy it
fucking watch I did watch via new huh I
thought you'd like do you not buy the
tickets
you can buy it with I think RP or blue
or you can earn them yes true okay well
either way and so it's kind of a cool
way to have these in-game events so what
do you think of this this new
introduction penis so I've done like a
lot of those like you know teamspeak
tourneys from like years ago back when
that was kind of like a big thing
so I've done a lot of things where it's
like you match up with like people you
don't really know where I've done things
where you know your match with people
you do know and it's kind of feels weird
in the sense that if you're with like
people that you have no idea who they
aren't then you just meshed with them it
kind of it's it's kind of like all-stars
actually in the sense that you don't
really have that like cohesion but it's
just kind of fun to mess around yeah
we're done talking about all-stars penis
yeah it's a don't break don't you dare
bring it up so I'd actually missed this
do you just get matched up with randos I
I'm not really sure but I think you can
do either like a match with random or
make a pre-need yeah I don't know if
this mark did you catch that in the
video as you're typing excitedly into
the discordant motherfuckers keep
leaving maybe that's it maybe this is
what they want to talk about no it was
it I know what they want to talk okay
anyways what was the questions like
question is whether or not in class you
team up with a group of friends or you
get assigned like a group of randomly I
know you can't get assigned a group
randomly and I believe you can play with
friends but I don't know exactly how it
matches between the two if it's like
dynamic queue asked or what maybe it
which says you can make a team and play
pretty you can pull it pre-made so
that's how it works so yeah I mean it
sounds like you'll be able to have both
options Venus the thing that's
interesting to this this kind of reminds
me of when if anybody remembers the old
school battlenet days of playing like
Warcraft 3 and they would have a
tournament that would take place over
the course of a weekend within the
client that was kind of cool and that's
something that I'm surprised doesn't
exist in more modern games so it's kind
of cool that they're bringing it to
League of Legends
I mean I personally think it's a really
cool idea like I think that there's when
there is something on the line like
there it feels like more important there
are like higher stakes you know it's
ranked but I guess maybe to like a even
more serious level or something because
if they're the fair is like you're at
blue essence or you're RP which is
basically is your money on the line then
like I feel like people in general will
take it more seriously but for me
personally just overall like I think
team-based play is just more fun than
playing by yourself like I enjoy like I
enjoyed ranked teams way more than I
enjoyed solo queue I enjoy flex you more
than Joel so like you like I just think
it's more fun to play with friends and
if you can actually have a group of
people who are taking it pretty
seriously and like trying to figure out
strategies and trying to figure out pick
bands and like practicing different
picks and stuff like that like it's
really fun because like obviously at
right we have riot rumble which is our
little thing do you compare that
yeah weren't you didn't you like make it
like for finals in a row and lose all
them until recently or something like
that
I haven't even played it four times yeah
I mean I made it to finals twice with
with one of my teammates and we won this
time we lost the person I'm thinking of
someone else there's someone who's like
the king of losing in the finals right
it's it was it was a Scott who was one
of my teammates three times in a row
well dick has two times in a row and
then he won this time with me but the
first time together but it like it's
it's really fun because that's that's
basically a gark company-wide tournament
and the TLDR is people like get split
into divisions based on your rank that
goes from masters to bronze and for like
the highest divisions we do drafts and
stuff and people like draft players
based on what they think the champion
pool is or if you know them well like
who's gonna be the best to play with and
we do pick band stuff and people like
some people take it very seriously and
they practice a lot as teams and stuff
and it's really fun it's it's a much
more competitive like version of ranked
as far as like not as far as skill level
necessarily but as far as like people
care more right and like I think that's
really really fun to do when like having
everyone be like their absolute most
trihard like communicating doing all
these things and that's something that
for the most part is missing it ranked
like speaking for myself when I play
solo queue you know relatively high you
low like you know diamond whatever but
I pretty much just don't want to talk to
anyone like I just have mute everyone I
have no interest in talking to you like
I just want to play because a lot of
times is people I don't know and a lot
of times people are gonna be toxicants
go frustrate me if I you know like if
that kind of thing happens so I don't
know I just think it's cool like if it's
recreating that sort of a like a sense
of urgency or a sense of the games
really mattering I think it's really fun
what do you think about potential like
paywall like if this is gonna become
your preferred mode to play are you at
all concerned that about the fact that
you're potentially gonna have to spend
money to play this way do you think this
should be like potentially for you to
play I mean I have no idea about like
what costs are gonna be or anything like
that like you know my like if it's
something like the closest thing I can
think Lee and I don't honestly know
anything more than than watching the
video myself but if if like if I'm
comparing that to like well okay what's
similar to that in gaming it kind of
feels like a arena in hearthstone right
yeah like where if you're if you're
doing well then general if you can keep
doing it just like and you know getting
go everything it yeah go infinite like
that sounds pretty cool but I mean I
think it if it's like my personal
opinion and people probably some people
disagree like I like as long as you can
earn like blue essence to do it like us
on a somewhat regular basis like to me I
wouldn't really care if you have to then
pay to do more cuz like I would I would
rather this be somewhat limited because
otherwise then it just feels like the
same as as blank flicks you write like
if it's if it's literally like no cost
whatsoever because I'm assuming there's
gonna be rewards right if you can get
cool rewards and if you can get like
there should be some sort of thing
associated to it because otherwise
people don't care if they lose right
like I want people to care if they're in
my thing with like I don't want it to be
people are just like oh we're down one
kill afk yeah yeah something that I saw
that the video focused heavily on like
there's gonna be a lot of rewards is
gonna be you know big rewards for
winning this thing and also that they
said it's not going to be like you know
every week or something like that it's
gonna be kind of like spaced out so I
think that's gonna emphasize like how
much people are gonna actually try it
yeah I think it'll be interesting to see
how it comes it comes up for sure I mean
it's early days we just kind of
announced today but it does seem like a
neat way to really like promote
competition and playing with your
friends and you know building out a team
and all that stuff and Lord knows we
need to in an a because that's the only
way we're gonna get true in a talent
without importing players so yes this is
the path to success for anyone we must
incentivize people to give a shit plus
plus I think one of the things that's
really missing from ranked play is like
I actually feel like pick and ban
matters zero like in in solo queue type
thing right but if you know you're
playing against like if it's a situation
where you can actually see who you're
playing against and like oh PGG them or
whatever like i like do the big band
stuff is give me at least a really
interesting part of the game and like
that's a really big difference from
competitive to just playing by yourself
like if you're just playing solo queue
you should basically just look up what
is the highest one rate and bayonet
every game because mathematically that's
like the highest increase of chance to
win right but there's that's not
interesting like that's not really fun
but being able to hey like if it's a
world in which people are actually like
park at banning players and stuff and
having a bigger champion pool it gives
you an advantage that's pretty cool like
having counter picks gets you an
advantage because oh like I know mark
only plays LeBlanc or whatever I've
that's cool I think that's such a
different dynamic then this solo queue
where it's it's literally relevant what
you play you just queue up and you play
or one thing or you don't or you do you
ever you want like there's no yeah
second layer I especially like the idea
if you can like have a day to scout your
opponent and you can say like alright
well I'm not gonna ask my team to ban
this thing I'll just prepare a counter
to it and then you actually feel like
you're really preparing versus just like
let me look up everyone's most played
and ban those I think like yeah the fact
that it based off the video seems like
there's a larger portion of lead-in time
to your games where you can actually
personally prepare for like those games
yeah yeah the tournaments that I did
before it was like oh you get matched up
against this team like just type in
their name until I go PGG and then
most-played banned that but it's good
that it's like incentivizing actually
seeing what people play and then banning
out you know like what you don't want to
play against Venus thanks so much for
coming on the show hope you thank you
for having me
Sylvania Pennsylvania right yep yes I
remember it there we go
thanks ma'am all right a couple struck
more shout out shout out to Adam xx
trevor of nineteen dunk donkey punch
damn w BP 77 and Bubba Cola for gifting
a sub to Natsuki XIV Salvatore is on the
show where you call from Salvatore
I'm calling from Nova Scotia Canada Oh
baby
let's go zero you live next to that
right Canada is actually just one hill
so we have like ten trees I think as a
kid but I don't remember it at all like
I was like a baby well it's now we have
two Canadians on the show right now what
did you want to talk to us about
Salvatori I actually wanted to talk
about the new cloud9 roster so I'm like
a pretty big c9 Finn I have been for a
long time but I actually think this is
probably gonna be the worst roster that
they've ever had and I think it's
literally just because licorice is on
the team Wow
what do you what he got against licorice
oh my issue with licorice is like I feel
like he's literally just never performed
and like he chokes harder than Jensen
does in like game fives like it's
actually terrible so I see licorice as a
pretty high caliber challenger series
player but he's like I don't see him
going anywheres past like top half of
top laners in na LCS right now and like
I think they could have done so much
better because I also don't even think
licorice is like potential is that high
compared to other any top laners that
they could have gotten if they wanted to
keep Spence carrion so I covered the
Challenger Series a lot this year and I
kind of understand where you're coming
from because there's a group of players
who have like always smashed Challenger
and just not translated at all to Pro
play like Chris Sola has inclu golden
glue Solo someone who hasn't had a ton
of chances where he did get some on echo
fox when they had like their visa issues
but he hasn't really shown it so I can
see where you're coming from I don't
know if Isaiah feels any different
honestly like I don't I'm not gonna
profess to have a huge amount of
knowledge about him I think I think that
one thing I will say is that my
impression of cloud and I'd like from
when you're looking at the roster on
paper
I definitely think a lot of people are
like it's almost impossible to make the
argument that it's an upgrade right
you've lost impact who mattered so much
for the team as far as individual
performance it like at the start of the
earth I sort of summer I should say I
thought he was actually pretty bad for a
long time but as far as shotcalling he
contributes a lot when he's on for him
he's one of the if not their best player
so losing impact was obviously like a
really huge blow to the team and I don't
see cloud 9 being as good as they were
this year really no matter what licorice
does like really I think it's pretty
hard but you have to give credit to
cloud 9 as far as like actually being
able to to raise up talent because to me
contracts was probably the second best
performing jungler in summer and you
know like he he was someone who's very
young player I think that they've had a
pretty good track record of finding guys
and like having them perform pretty well
so you hope that like this is based on
their scouting this is based on their
interactions with them because like
they're gonna know more than we are
right yeah I don't feel like cloud 9 has
ever been the team that picks up like
the superstars and then just brute
forces their way to success it feels
like they just build like a pretty good
comp of players and then you know
combine that with talented support staff
and then they find success that way so I
mean do you you you're still concerned
about the Salvatore
well like okay the thing is that there
were other top laners who weren't
superstars that they could have picked
up to keep defense Darren as an import
slot like if they had tried to go for
somebody like Zig or even like a lorem I
think has a higher like potential than
licorice does right now like I think he
plays tanks better which is generally
it's like of the meta for top lane and I
think he it's easier to learn a carry
role than it is to try and learn tanks
because he's like this one guy alarm
he's just the best I don't know I
thought I wouldn't wouldn't pick him up
no I I do love alarm
I really like that guy he's super nice
but I just think that I think the issue
is that for me cloud9 picked up like one
of the worst possible options that they
could afford top lane out of like
potential and a top laners because I
don't see licorice getting much better
than he is right now
I guess hey you have to wait to see a
bit to see like how it actually pans out
in NLCS and the other thing I would say
is like it's very easy be like Oh like
why didn't they get like you know if
you're looking at any talent or
something like oh why didn't they get
sick why don't they get Hans or why
didn't I get shot like maybe those guys
weren't interested maybe they asked for
too much money maybe you know like
there's a lot of things like that that
like I really nothing gets licorice but
look I really don't think that caught
and I went into offseason with as with
their master plan to like lose him back
to get licorice right so all I mean is
that I don't think this was like plan a
right I think you you're expecting that
cloud9 has been one of the best works
cuz it's Lyanna day for how many years
right since since their inception like
this is a team that has been doing very
very well so I give them the credit of
of like thinking through their options
and trying for their options and my
guess is that a lot of them didn't work
out because like I don't think that you
get as many finals as caught on has been
I don't think you win as many finals as
cloud9 has been in without like you know
if you're literally thinking oh this is
the best possible option we can get
right like this is this is what our
number one choice my guess is it just
didn't work out and that's and then you
have to get what you can't get because
everyone's competing for this pool of
players like especially with franchising
if more money is coming into the league
I think that like contracts become very
very competitive right and people want
more and more money and and that's gonna
be very really hard you know if the
golden Guardian still be super
competitive they also had the option to
you - like import a top laner and get an
na jungler cuz like they've obviously
shown that they can train any junglers
really well with contracts rate so I
mean the problem well again who do you
get right like if you're looking at some
of the rumors if some of the resort
people leaves you know things are
getting post I read it if impacts
skating a million dollars if you know
these guys are getting a million dollar
750 K this is that like maybe maybe they
don't want to spend the money maybe they
don't have the money maybe other people
want even more right like
maybe just costing you five million and
you're like well there's all the budget
we got he is four hundred million
dollars yeah yeah exactly I mean that's
uh that's a that is the thing is that I
think and I've been trying to start echo
that my interviews with owners as money
I think was a big issue in this year's
roster building in a way that it hasn't
been in the past I think the other thing
to think about Salvatore is just that
you know parts tweeted this thing out
before I think it was part of that was
basically saying like you can't just
look at the individual skill level of
every player on the roster and think
like oh that's the best way to do it
sometimes it's about more than that it's
like the synergy or what players like to
work or what you know what play style
they all have together and so maybe
there's a world where like you know
cloud9 tried out different players or
talked different players or scouted a
bunch of different players and felt like
you know some of the other options
weren't just on a good fit for them the
other thing is we don't always know
what's behind the scenes there are
situations where you know you go and you
talk to a team or a player and you see
like hey what's it like working with
this player and they're like he's a dick
don't pick him up you know you know
there's just a lot of different factors
on the other hand you could be right
we're all being Lakehurst apologists
here maybe licorice sucks dick and Jack
doesn't know what he's doing and just
lost the offseason and it you know
that's an entirely possible situation as
well
so finally the most important thing
where does c9 finish as a result do they
finish top five top four Isaiah what do
you think I still think they're top five
we're in the top five so I think it's I
think TLT 7tl TSM is top two I think
that like CLG is actually looking pretty
good I mean when you start getting past
they're like I don't know who hundred
thieves ADC is supposed to be but like
that's the team that could have some
potential why not but I still think
cloud nines roster like when you're
looking at like golden Guardians where
you're looking at like optic when you're
looking at a lot of the other teams like
I still see them as a top-five roster
like I still think that they're probably
a playoff team not like a top playoff
team but probably still a team that's
gonna be in the quarterfinals and you
know yeah I agree
I think you look at a team that was the
best
performing North American team at Worlds
and Sven isn't really that much worse
than contracts I think it's pretty
I think contracts was better but like
and obviously spent had an offer worlds
but like looking at their regular season
performances I don't think they were
that different from each other and then
you have a downgrade at top lane but is
it enough to knock them out of playoffs
I don't think so Salvatore you disagree
with us so you should also guess where
we'll call nine and up in the rankings
next year I think they're actually gonna
end up third or fourth against CLG you
made it sound like they were just like
it's it's just like licorice sucks and
no I I think but like they still obvious
like they start of sneaky smoothie they
still have like I think Jensen and fence
Garen are gonna be super good together I
think like the biggest issue is just
toppling is gonna be so inconsistent
that I want like I'm hoping that and
like I see potential for them to be able
to to finish third or for it but like I
think it's also very easy for them to
just lose first round of playoffs yeah I
just think it's funny it's like
everyone's first round of playoffs this
year you gotta remember that with impact
right they lost in quarterfinals they
had to go through gauntlet to get the
worlds so it's not like even though they
had a good worlds performance I think if
we're talking about cloud 9 as a
quarterfinal area team we're really not
saying there's that much different from
what they were this year because like I
think people look at it through you know
Rose tinted glasses when you're like oh
yeah they were the only na team to make
quarterfinals they're God like they're
clearly the best but they lost in
quarterfinals they didn't even go to
Boston right like they were the
difference for me is if they go to the
gauntlet I don't think they're like
making it past one round mm-hmm yeah
that's fair like I don't think there's
like any chance in how that they get
past one round in the gauntlet if they
have to go there so which were thanks so
much for calling in we will find out
next year if you're right or we were
right but appreciate the call and you
alright that was a fun that was a phone
call Pucci 2001 thank you for the sub
who we saw he says huddling League is
more interesting to watch them this
year's All Stars event that was the
least enthusiastic thank you what funny
yeah you're like Fuji thanks us like
that I instantly unsoaked do not renew
car the lovely gentleman is joining the
show very colorful I'm calling from New
Hampshire longtime listener first-time
caller am i right you know but you're
the first the first one yes no one's
ever made me I feel really good about
that
all right Connor what do you want to
talk to us about yeah I wanted to talk
about casting and if the talent pool
right now is too wide to even attempt to
get into it oh this is great I love this
topic I think there's no talented
casters at all on the broadcast so I
feel like you'll be good ones in a
couple you could definitely bump off
it's dead yeah exactly it's very similar
to two reporters you know there's like
there's just no one good and like when
all the girls don't have jobs
alright so Connor so your if you want to
contextualize your question a little bit
more this is so you want to talk about
casters and if there's enough room do
you have you want to be caster maybe you
can at least as like a hobby maybe
career I don't know but like if you look
at the casters that go to like world or
something there you have like what 30
people come in or na team is like eight
people already I'm not I'm pulling
numbers I'm out of the air that's okay
we don't use facts on this show yeah
just the numbers already so high for
who's in the industry like how much room
is there the talents already there so I
personally think that like there is room
I mean there's lots of people who are
relatively new and are getting to do
stuff
I got to do World Finals this year and
this was my first full year of league
casting right like I've cast a lot of
other stuff and I've cast for a long
time but captain Flowers is another
example he was at Worlds this year last
year he was literally casting from his
bedroom for like you know events that
very very few people were watching
yeah like EU is is literally there
they're searching for Cola caster right
now quick shot is posting on Twitter
saying they're looking for color casters
I've seen things about like the LPL
english broadcast was looking for
casters there's there's a lot of a lot
of regions and stuff that need casters
and there's like there is turnover and
there is opportunities I think to get in
as far as like is it easy no I think
it's I think it's hard as fuck and I
think that most people that are casting
the top top level stuff is like our
people who have been doing for a really
long time right like I was talking a
quick shot about this first time I
started casting and she doesn't intent
right so I've been casting for a really
long time
quick shot said he started casting in
2006 or something so going on 12 years
for him right like a lot of people do it
for a lot of time and if it's something
that you enjoy and it something that
you're passionate about it then you
should do it for fun and you should like
try to work your way up right there's
like there's smaller events you can do
there's things that you can like
practice that and if you're good I think
that there's gonna be more opportunities
but like if someone is doing it just to
become like oh I only want to do this if
I'm gonna cast for LCS in like a year or
something that I think there's no chance
and it's the same way I feel about pro
gaming like if you're if you're loving
what you're doing and you're working
really hard at it then I think you can
get to where you want to go but if you
will only be happy that you spent time
on it if you will become a pro gamer if
you become a pro caster that I think
it's I think it's like always time trial
what is the because I'm assuming you get
this message a lot you probably get
people tweeting you DMing you maybe your
demons are close I don't know but you
get a lot of people reaching out asking
how to become a caster yeah yeah because
I get that all the time with content
creator YouTube whatever but so it will
just clip this part of the show out then
you'll have something to link to
everybody how do you recommend people go
about becoming a caster if they want to
cast on the LCS desk they know they
can't do it maybe like knit 2018 season
how do they get there you start casting
I mean it's it's like it's honestly it
sounds stupid but you have to practice
it's something that the people who are
doing what you want to do now are people
that generally have thousands of hours
working towards it right like I think
very few people got where they got by
luck I think most people got there
through hard work whether it's
you know in doing interviews or casting
or whatever it is you're doing like most
people spend a lot of time doing it and
I think you could start casting your
friends replays you can start casting
like there's there's community
tournaments and things like that that
have you know a handful of yours that
you can cast those there's I mean
captain flowers like the clip that kind
of got him famous is you know doing
English broadcast of of like LMS and
things like this right so there's like
there's opportunities but I think you
have to go out there and you have to
start doing it and you have to be doing
it consistently because the people that
are already doing it are working at it
non-stop and if you want to take
someone's job you have to be better than
them and that means you have to spend
more time you have to work harder you
have to you know become better Conor do
you have other questions why do you
think you like at this point in time do
you think along with hard work you need
a gimmick to your casting or like to be
overly hype to break in to the scene as
a new caster like I know captain flowers
is like a super hype guy and he's like
one of the newer people like to gain an
audience do you think that hype is
required I don't think so I think that
like if you're a play-by-play guy I
think you know being being exciting
being like having height moments is
certainly a prerequisite but I think
that's true of every single play-by-play
I think if you're trying to be a color
caster you know I know Cyrene was making
like youtube comment content and doing
like analytical stuff and like I think
that there's ways that you can get in
without having to be like screaming over
clips and things like that you know it's
it's just making content that people
want like showing that you have
knowledge for the game and like and
being consistent right and and if you
can show that you you know a lot about
the game if you can show that like you
are offering something and you're like
working on your technique and you're
doing all these things then I do think
that there will be opportunities I think
just to chime in coming from even
broader of an angle from like content
creator streamers this kind of thing you
should have a reason that people should
watch you like if you can't say what
separates you or makes you special not
to everybody why but like at least why
some people should watch you if you
don't have a good answer for that you
need to find that answer somewhere
because like as they always say and
there are people out
there who are doing really cool stuff a
lot of people have things that separate
them like for me I was a coach I
actually worked and lived and breathed
the scene for two years behind before I
started being more on camera and I think
a lot of people have stuff to separate
them and make them stand out and it goes
well beyond eSports like dr.
disrespected it out because he put on a
mullet and a mustache and started
screaming about how he's the best like
like you don't need a gimmick even
though that one kind of does fall into
that category but you need to stand out
for some reason shroud on the complete
other hand is just fucking amazing
that's why people watch up to pull from
non league examples right yeah yeah Pub
Gees one guy is hilarious one guy is
just the best and they have things that
stand out and that's the same guy doctor
disrespect the best and most hilarious
person clumsy today yeah yeah you're
right there you go Connor anything else
you'd like to ask about casting
no I think all my bases are covered yeah
thanks so much for coming on the show
man thank you thank you we got a cast a
question I always appreciate whenever we
got something specific for our folks you
get do you get people I guess you even
at events I'm guessing people come up
and ask you that stuff yeah definitely I
think I think people I'd like one of
those common questions I get like as far
as DMS as far as like at events or
things right before we intro the next
guy can I just get your thoughts on this
assail IO whenever someone asked me how
do I get into this and how do i into
that what I always want one respond with
is like if you can't Google someone's
responses that are already out there
publicly you probably gonna have a hard
time making it yeah it's you feel like
that's just too harsh to tell people
because I always want to be like hey you
know what's gonna help you a lot more in
life than me answering this question
you learning how to figure stuff out on
your own I do you I also think that
people so a lot of times I think people
are just like hoping for some motivation
or something like that like I feel like
a lot of times it's more they're just
like they just want to hear that it's
doable then they're actually looking for
specific advice but I agree on principle
like as far as if you're not already
doing it you're probably never going to
write like if you say you want to be a
programmer you say you want to be a
caster if you're not working at
you're never gonna be one the harsh the
harsh answer anyways yeah I would just
say just to add on to that it's it's
funny I appreciate and I understand why
everybody reaches out to me I'm like how
to get into eSports or how to advise on
how to do the content creator stuff or
whatever because it is kind of hard to
there's no like academic path you can't
take a class on this stuff on the other
hand I have a youtube video that's been
sitting on my channel for a while I've
promoted multiple times in it it does
kind of drive me crazy when people can't
just like look really quickly to see if
I've done this before messaging me Jason
were you calling from hey called from
Arizona Arizona right around the corner
is it cold or hot there it's like the
one month of the year where it's
Pleasant a certain raining yet not a
hundred degrees you just have to wait
until December to actually enjoy that
state unlike something Jason what do you
want to talk about yeah so say I know
you come from the competitive Wow scene
back before league I was a fighting game
player a fighting game fan before we
what was a thing and the our game ad
that the riot production team put out I
kind of rubbed me the wrong way in some
ways you know another a brilliant ad
well done they've got great video
production work it's it's professional
but the idea that eSports isn't just
kind of a name for this type of pro
gaming this really professional pro
gaming that we really really need this
sports in eSports we need the approval
of the Colin Cowherd's of the world that
didn't really sit right with me so I
actually took it the opposite way like I
know what you're saying but like I took
it like we don't need their their
approval like it's our game it's not
their game like who gives a shit if he
thinks it's sports who gives a shit if
he thinks it's legit who gives a shit if
if ESPN like you know if these guys care
or think it's a joke or think it's
whatever like like from what I take from
it is that it doesn't matter what they
think because it's it's not their game
it's arcing right like it's it's our
eSports we're already watching it
we're already enjoying it we've already
been doing it it's literally been my
entire adult life like I don't think it
matters what they think that that's what
I took away from it but like I could
totally see what you mean as far as like
it's like oh these guys don't think it's
real or whatever but
I take it more as they don't think it's
real who cares
it's arguing it's not theirs isn't that
just like when you have you know an ESPN
like retweets ESPN eSports you get all
the people going who cares and everybody
says will you cared enough to comment
isn't that like caring enough to address
them like as a main point of mass you're
suggesting sorry we're going very meta
now you're like who cares we care
because we're saying we don't care so
your suggestion is that by even giving
them any kind of attention we're we're
doing too much by addressing the fact
that they they complain about this stuff
exactly I mean I think the word the fact
that it's called eSports the fact that
we don't call it pro gaming is already
bridging that gap and acknowledging that
hey this is kind of a sports ish dang I
think to go beyond that and enter that
realm of you know they like sports talk
TV hosts you're just talking to the
sports talk TV host at that point I kind
of understand the idea that like the
people that those people have like reach
to are not people who you're going to
probably entice into your ecosystem
anyways so I can kind of understand that
that like people who listen to Colin
coward shit on eSports are probably not
people and like I agree with him are
probably not people who would ever enter
any ways into the space so I can kind of
understand that sentiment but I also am
fine being like hey these people don't
like us and they they're important
people but we're still doing great look
at this stadium like look at how we
filled this out you know I think to the
to a sales point I do appreciate that
that we're saying like yeah we do this
without them and we're gonna keep doing
it without them
yeah any had Kelby on the show a little
bit ago Jason if you don't know who he
is he handles a lot of Easter Run CLG
and now handles all the sponsorships for
different eSports teams via twitch and
his point was that that video is really
valuable even from just a sponsorship
perspective and that you can kind of
show this to a sponsor and any sponsor
that has in their mind like you know oh
what is this is not real or something
it's very illuminating so maybe the
argument is that's a video that's better
for those specific situations rather
than for the League of Legends audience
but I actually found it to be
pretty valuable and illuminating in
certain ways at least high notes I'd
also say like mark and I had that I
think this discussion a little bit on
Twitter a while ago but and I think
maybe we're on a little bit different
sides here but um I feel like you know
as far as the like oh you're having that
conversation you do care enough or
whatever to me having the conversations
with like so it's you're talking about
like calling coward or whatever someone
specifically who is not going to to
agree with you like maybe that guy is
never gonna care about eSports maybe
that guy is very clearly never going to
watch it but I I don't fully buy the
argument that there's no one who watches
him who could ever be interested right
and that's that's where I think it's
it's worth having the conversation
sometimes right like I don't I don't
care if if like if that guy on ESPN
doesn't actually want to call it sports
but someone going on there and and
actually educating the audience and
saying hey this is actually what is
going on there are like stadiums that
are filled it this is really cool it's
super competitive people are dedicating
their life to it they're playing at an
extremely high level there's amazing
content being built around that there's
documentaries there's interviews there's
everything right there's music videos
there's cool shit and for some people
even if the person you're directly
talking to the moderator of the show
whatever you want to say is not actually
ever gonna listen some of those shows
have massive audience right if there's a
million people watching if there's a 500
thousand people watching if there's 10
million people watching some of those
people might be like hey that actually
sounds pretty cool let's check it out
and maybe they like it maybe they become
interested and that to me is why it's
worth having those conversations it's
not necessarily about trying to convince
that specific person it's about like
getting the correct information out
there and maybe opening the eyes of some
people who are a little bit more
interested or whatever you wanna call it
like open-ended or whatever yeah I have
a small question for Jason if some of
the Twitter chat pointed this out is it
because you're fgc player because a fgc
are notoriously against eSports you know
I think funny you bring that up and yeah
I figured twitch chat would never let me
sneak anything by you know I feel like
when eSports was starting to pop up even
like Starcraft 2 maybe before before we
became the predominant game I was
definitely
talking to a lot of other fighting game
folks just say not eSports it's just
another word for competitive gaming man
it's not it's not a thing it's just a
synonym it's just another word so maybe
I am a little hypersensitive to this to
this idea that there's more of this
sports crossover than I thought there
was in the first place and that maybe I
tried to lead others to think as well
that could def we play a role
yeah hey thanks so much Jason for
calling in good to talk to you and I
hope things stay good in Arizona I
always hear mark leave the channel as
you're saying goodbye and I think you'll
kick them out
mark I think maybe another 15 20 minutes
of this because I know as they all spin
on for a little bit longer than we were
originally expecting and also maybe if
any subs in the sub chat want some
questions if they want to go on the show
yeah I've grabbed a couple subs I think
you have to call them out so I can think
the reformed you knew all your subs
Travis performed jehovah we also stream
was $5 reform Jehovah Witness bring some
political religious stuff onto the show
how's it going where he called from
Conicelli okay I and are you by the way
are you big fan of the Philadelphia
overwatch team definitely not okay no
penis okay did you see the video that
they took down is that not how they do
it in Philly
yeah can you answer as a local no it's
not that's no how you show but they have
done better if they be just branded
through this kill adelphia or whatever
oh my would that have been better for
you Sports branding don't do that okay
he's gonna call you are fj-w for this to
the Restless are fj-w what do you got
for us I have a hot take on tsm's new
bottling mythos fan I think the best
thing to come to the west
well not the West so I'm in a sense I'm
horny and reignover okay because I'm
what were they kind of revamped how
people played top and almond jungle okay
a lot techniques and new things you
didn't do thanks phantom mithi even
though they're not gonna revamp it the
advantage over every other team because
they have beard and he's a non import so
it was had to import slots and now they
have to import in a bottle in they freed
a lot of talent by our frost cos go
somewhere that look is cyclical
somewhere nowadays and they are pretty
good assets like three like flak West
bottling spray but cone Guardians okay
but but they can all get these three can
get better like immensely they're gonna
pick up supports might get better who
knows yeah we're kind of losing you I
think the point is making what he's
making is that the move is great for the
region as a whole
just because phen amethy are really good
and it frees up tsm's native botlane to
go to other parts which was also good
already so your guests vastly improving
the botlane of North America as a whole
yeah yeah now I started was I'm
generally pretty weak like we would go
to world sometimes you'd have decent top
they weren't amazing like you said that
concerts world here but they weren't
amazing but they would it would
heavyweight sometimes and you would you
get trashed our ball lines are supposed
to be better and then they go to Worlds
and then something goes wrong where I
think a lot of people feel like they
underperform maybe Saint by sneak he had
a good year this year that world's yeah
I mean sneaky sneaky I feel like is is
always the same I feel like he's just
consistent right like that's I think why
he seems to do well you know
internationally and regionally whatever
it's like yeah I think clearly his highs
are generally not as high as like
doublelift or whatever but he's all he's
always consistent and feels like SS has
more ups and downs but I think it's I
think it's actually a pretty pretty cool
thought like actually like where you're
going with it because I thought your hot
take was gonna be this venomoth you were
going to be really good and I was like
ah doc they want like five times in a
row and you you everyone knows a good
but I think the idea that it can
actually really improve the baleen as a
whole I think is really cool
because the sort of moves that can
actually shake up our region goes and
how the other teams are playing is
something I can actually affect the
region as a whole which is really cool
so I'm definitely interested even even
just to see you know like double if
tunnel a going up against them and this
sort of thing and having no even if
double if ends up being better than his
van or whatever because he now has a
higher level of competition to play
against then that's really cool like
that is something that's good for the
region so yeah I agree I think it's
pretty exciting yeah thank you so much
thanks for taking my call
yeah all right a couple more calls and
shout out to all the subs who were
called in I'm sorry that we missed the
fact that you were set but appreciate
you coming on we really appreciate you
here on despite what somebody's saying
and grapes got subs thank you so much
Lord Galactic subs thank you ice orbs
subs as well thank you
King Dante is on the show where you
calling from King Dante Columbus Ohio
calling from Columbus Ohio all right
what do you got for us um so my general
thought is that bjergsen as a player
although good in lane is way too
overhyped and isn't as good on the
shotcalling side and then their addition
to the roster with Mike Young and Miffy
they said that that would be you know
what like moving forward they wanted a
good synergy between jungle and support
that that's not gonna work out as well
as they'd like wanted to fazil america
let you you take this get in there mark
up and talking a lot oh that's why
you're on the show so I don't have to
talk as much don't try to outsource
I think bjergsen is very very good yeah
is he overrated in shotcalling
it's kind of hard to say cuz they shit
on North America most of the time and
he's obviously a large part of that and
then when they go internationally and
they fail like I feel like if you're the
guy gets a lot of praise you do deserve
a lot of the criticism but I also hardly
ever think that he is like a standout
reason that they are losing and I have a
hard time
attributing it to him specifically just
based off like a hunch that he's the one
making them passive because I don't
think they're bought land played well I
didn't think spend played well I I
thought they like didn't have any clear
style their early game was complete
booty and I don't know how much of that
I can lead Bjork
wears like if they were stalling out on
the late game after building leads and
had no idea how to close I'd be like
yeah beer shotcalling sucks but like I
have a hard time believing that he was
like tanking all three positions
basically um I think especially just
watching around worlds is mostly what I
see because obviously an NA they're
always been the team that's shit on lane
win game but then when you go to an
international competition like world's
where you're not just plenty against
really awfully compared bot Lane mid top
lanes that he as a player has not showed
up in the way that he's always been
presented where it's like this is the
best player mid lane and in na in
general and that he's the fucking best
and it's always felt weird because then
you have teams like cloud 9 which I'll
be biased to except my favorite team but
it's like they generally always get shit
talk during worlds and then for falling
the best out of any of the any teams
like every year they've gone it it's
just weird to me that that team in
general and especially with Jared being
their main focal point for the team has
just never done better so one thing I
would say like I agree as far as like
TSM performance at Worlds obviously has
been a huge disappointment so I think
like no one's really gonna argue with
that for 2016 for 2017 you know there
was high hopes at both times dated
poorly especially 2017 no real excuses
like for you know last year it was it
was much more I think they were talking
about Ohio frost concert really haven't
been there to me in 2016 you know when I
look at TSM I actually thought that
bjergsen was pretty incredible 2016 at
Worlds I actually thought he was one of
the best performing mutilators in the
entire tournament even though it didn't
make groups like I thought that hauntzer
and BAU frost like doublelift whoever we
want to talk about like maybe you could
say Sven on things other than Lee sin in
2016 or whatever like I thought
was actually really really really good
in 2016 so I thought like you know to
kind of like group it together doesn't
really seem fair to me because I thought
he was great last year this year I
thought he was he was fine but it felt
like they just had so many problems and
to me as far as like hitting on shock
calling like I'm kind of with mark as
far as I could feel like more of a
systemic problem you know it felt like
their drafts were crap they didn't
really have a strong idea of how to play
the meta they were willing to sacrifice
too many advantages early game you know
at like to put it all on Pearson doesn't
really seem super fair to me especially
when like talking about is Ian over at
his shock collar when I personally have
not really ever heard bjergsen being
like super hyped up as a shock collar
yeah you know I think of like high or
afro or those guys being like everyone's
like thank God like shock collars the
only thing I ever really hear like from
the TSN legends of this sort of thing is
Bergson saying he doesn't want a shock
all like or or when he is shot calling
he feels he can't focus as much on his
own things right like my impression is
you're bringing in methey partially to
relieve that bird
so that bjergsen doesn't have to do as
much and he can focus on be more lane
dominant and and that sort of thing yeah
I feel like TSM is always positioned
Soren as the leader of the team but that
and that has given some people the idea
that like he's the captain leading the
charge in game but I've never really
felt like that was like a fair
assumption to make that this is a guy
that's like the key to all their
brilliance I I always kind of felt like
on TSM it was a mix of a bunch of
different people calling and saying
things in game because I know when when
doublelift was on the team I I remember
hearing a lot of it and maybe it was I
just kept rehearing it from the same
thing but it was like Peter and beard
were the two main voices of the team and
that in 2017 hauntzer had kind of
stepped up and started taking charge but
that that's where that conception at
least came from was hearing that since
he was a big part of their a big voice
of the team so I think we've learned
yeah think about what we've heard
because bio and span or bio and spend
were supposedly from from what Reggie
said removed because they weren't vocal
during the
matches and you lifted Lissa's like
doublelift and burger their main voices
in the game with hon sir stepping up in
2017 we've now listed like three of the
players from the team except for the two
that you know we're removed because
they're too quiet so that tells me that
it's less about burek on that team and
more about you know everybody kind of
contributing except for the guys that
were quiet okay
but then is the mithy and Manik young
duo gonna be the thing that fixes them
well that's right like that to me that
exactly that's the big question like van
and myth he may be proven but that's
like I got tweeted about this I talked
about this on the dive a little bit like
I think Mike had some great moments last
year but I also think that after
revivals he had very few great moments
like he was not super super impressive
the things I think Mike going like why
people are very excited about him why I
think a lot of teams wanted him is
because he communicates well he's
mechanically talented he seems like a
nice guy and a hard worker right like
that's a lot of things kind of working
for him but like as far as does it fix
it who knows because like I think it's
super risky move for TSM like if you're
picking up stone and nathie with the
idea of we're trying to win right now
then you're also having a rookie on your
team where even if you slam na and you
win you win the finals summer in spring
great you go off to Worlds and then
you're now playing on a stage where my
count has no experience will have never
been and if he's you know if he has like
a 2016 on sea level performance whoever
where he's just for a recent so much
pressure doesn't do as well then your
year is gone again right so like you I
don't think there's any way to really
know how people will perform in those
super super high pressure situations at
Worlds until they've been there and
that's why I personally think that
rookies are really really risky 14
that's supposed to be doing well at
Worlds and and that's why I like I
personally felt like if you're trying to
guarantee success immediately then
someone like Smith he probably makes
more sense because you maybe know more
what you're gonna get but doesn't mean
that that was even an option doesn't
mean that they thought it was as good of
an option but I definitely think it's
risky because you're never gonna know
until you get to Worlds no matter how
well they do in it
your own region thanks so much King
Dante for the clunky appreciate right
we've got three less three callers left
and then we'll be wrapping the show I'll
hang out afterwards on the stream for
folks and yeah mark will be back here in
a second
how you doing a sale you getting tired
as a pastor yeah I'm good well we could
do a couple more or for our mounts okay
yeah we got these three more and I think
we'll be good okay as Mark figures out
what's going on with them I never know
what's going on in that that side of the
call you know he drops down there you
see his mouth move he's talking to them
sometimes it takes a long sometimes it
doesn't
oh and there's Driss who is a sub to the
channel thank you so much trees for your
support of the show what do you want to
talk about and where you come from I am
calling from Ann Arbor Michigan
yeah and over Michigan okay I had some
family out there and what do you want to
talk about I'm out here to talk about
the 100 Thieves roster and how I think
people are vastly under rating what
they're gonna do this split you've got
just a really good roster built around
communication and macro play you're like
people are like yeah they're gonna lose
Lane right
like none of these players except with
maybe the exception of some day are
gonna like vastly over perform but this
team can play around like the for one
this one three one that like Dignitas
wasn't able to you have afro and meteos
who can like help with that right my
question to you would be how can you
make that judgment if you if we don't
even know that their ad carry is yeah
like four players yeah like do you still
feel like they're gonna be God like if
tomorrow
Travis's announces their ad carry yes
hello like you know for sure they're
tanking so heavy like look at what they
did with stick say it again it's like a
small sample size right but afro took in
a relatively unknown rookie who can do
it yeah I think it doesn't matter who
they're eighty curious they're selling
really well nope the ad carry doesn't
matter if ideally you want like the Cody
song you want
somebody who you know can perform but
even with the rookie you can that you
don't need that rookie to like over
perform you need them to be like okay
you're looking for the clean up ad carry
you don't need anybody to make that
flashy play like I know mark and you
guys might be low on some of the like
written on Rio a little bit but I think
in the teamfights I think positions
relatively well he can sometimes he can
be clutch but you don't need him to be
clutch you need some day to be clutch in
these situations well so on this on the
point about afro making anyone okay I
would say he's he's a not quite the
player he was in 2016 at least in terms
of individual like laning like him is
six they've gotten smashed sometimes and
six a it wasn't like a nobody despite
not having a ton of exposure he was on
the CLG academy team and was living in
house already I'm pretty sure so he was
like groomed for quite a while and it
wasn't just afro grooming him and so I
think you have to be careful with any
like just like oh he'll be fine with any
rookie because he got he was he was
losing Lane pretty hard with six eight
points in both them were doing some
brain-dead stuff in lane on the point
about who their ad carry probably is can
we just all say hypothetically let's say
it's Kody does that sure what does that
do for a sale was fair yeah on that
level of player was that do for you sale
uh then event I mean I think that they
would be look at at least a playoff team
like III we talked about like all the
rosters and stuff on the dive I don't
think anyone was particularly down on on
this roster like to me like Ryu you
don't really know like what you're gonna
get like you maybe he's gonna be
mid-level maybe he's gonna be
lower-level me Dios my big question with
me Dios is not like oh is can can he
like be good because you know he showed
some like some strong games with p1 its
how committed to it is he because you
know when he was on p1 he was saying
like you know interviews and so on and
so forth on a stream that it wasn't
really trying to go full time he wasn't
really trying to like practice full-time
and this sort of stuff and if you're if
you're not gonna practice full time if
you're not gonna like be fully committed
to it then I think it's really hard to
perform really well like especially
because I think at the jungle role
there's actually really really good
junglers in na compared to maybe some of
the other positions in our region but I
mean some day was certainly one of
like at the very least top three or or
best depending on who you're talking to
top laners I think afro is a super good
shot color and if it's Kody son like for
all the shit that Kody son got after
worlds like Kody some was was doing
pretty well and laying with Olay and if
they can kind of like replicate that
sort of success then the team starts to
look like pretty good right but like I
don't think it's it's a team that could
challenge for the top but I do think
it's a team that would be a playoff team
and like the upside is maybe you know
like you're a top three team or
something
trace word where do you think that
they're gonna be I think two or three
and I guess this is in the context of in
spring split who knows how well they do
I agree there's like some questions on
motivations I think there could be
problems with it but like down the line
you know like there are teams that are
gonna beat this like in Lane you know
TSM and liquid yeah thank you come
immediately to mind where they're gonna
lose in lane the question is like can
they can this roster stabilize the mid
game and I think when you go to like a
worlds in an international event I think
yeah they're gonna struggle stabilizing
in the mid game but in the context of na
you only have two teams who I think can
really beat them in Lane handily I mean
maybe you think c9 maybe you think CLG
can really challenge them again I don't
see either of those teams right now in
the current lineup as being a laning
team I think you look at those as like
they can get through the lane and then
they have the experience to to close it
out so I do think like in summer split
going into Worlds I think 100 thieves is
the roster we're gonna be like hoping
for you know maybe the the inheritor of
the old CLG kind of idea that they maybe
they aren't the strongest laners but
they go into macro game and they win
Therese so okay so you're placing them
ahead c9 and CLG
you said two or three so I'm assuming
your premium TSM RTL over them in a
situation where they are number three
this is always one of my favorite things
so who do you think they are possibly
better at than to get to either actually
I think with TSM has like the pedigree
in the history I think they will they
have strong enough laners where those
leaders are gonna do well with Team
Liquid they have a strong roster nobody
can deny that but I think that
the one they come above I think see a
hundred thieves gets number two over
teamliquid
okay one thing I'll give those teams or
at least hundreds over TL is I feel like
at least with prolly you have a little
bit more proving up a coach
whereas with TL like you have Cain and
then you're not exactly sure who else
and Cain you know was working with who
knows what kind of like situation
initially but hopefully it's better also
cute dog yeah thank you
Daisy she's she's unfocus on the webcam
get her out of here
well the great thing is when we have
people like you guys come on because you
make these bold predictions and then you
know at some point in time one of these
bold predictions is gonna come true and
there'll be a clip on the subreddit
advertising the show it'll be great
that's okay clip me guys I'm ready I'll
swing for the fences you know guardians
are gonna be number one all right much
more time do you have is it how much
more do you want to do he said he said
we had three and that was like one ago
so we got two more yeah yeah Daisy Daisy
could ask some questions too yeah she's
six months old okay before we get with
this caller there's a lot of people who
dropped out of the waiting room this
show and I apologize but there's time
constraints so I can't just like bring
you back on it you've you've kind of
been replaced and it's unfortunate that
you know you do your mic stopped working
or you lost your internet I know that
happen to some of you guys but it's I
can't do anything about at this point
but you can always come back next show
and then Sookie 14 where he calling from
and thank you for being a sub courtesy
of boba Cola yeah it was so random nice
often rate it was really nice I'm from
the Netherlands from the neurons what
time is it there 7 a.m. okay well thank
you really the early morning Colin what
do you have I want to talk about how I
think echo fox roster is pretty bad they
got our dog which I don't think dog is
like he's a gift player but he's had
issues and all these teams that had
really good resources really good staff
like the immortal CLG and liquid
and he never fit with any team they all
think they like can make him work but
none of them actually can make him work
I think echo fox will have the same
issues I think Adrian has also had some
team issues in the past with his
personality or some other stuff I'm not
sure so what is your what is your take
series do you think that they aren't
good or that they are going to blow up I
think that dark is gonna go to a place
with like after spring split okay
because teams have replaced him so far
and I don't think Phoenix has an upgrade
over froggen I'm not sure if fragra is
going he doesn't seem to have a team no
I don't think he has a team so there's
been a lot of stuff this offseason about
how da Rocky is coming around and
picking up his attitude do you do you
buy any of that or no I haven't seen NF
dad if that's the case I hope so because
I think he has a lot of potential he
could be a really good player if he if
he fixes his attitude I think he could
be a top jungler tonight yeah all right
so there's a lot there's a lot of that
literally end split literally every
split on duty yeah so along that line is
ale let's let's play a game of like the
percentage that it happens like you know
70% he doesn't reform 30% like something
like that and then the upside and
downside of each you know so he does
reform and then they probably end up a
top whatever team I mean so so if we're
saying like you know doc has a complete
attitude shift and doc is you know is
your model citizen he's a great player
like I completely agree he's a great
player and to me like you know is
Phoenix better than then froggen I don't
know but it's hoody and na and I think
that honey is like is just immediately
the best top laner in the region like
you know you can talk about SKT losing
worlds and you know some people blame
honey but he did really well at Worlds
he still was able to dominate like and
and have some very impressive carry
games you know on Jason on these sorts
of champions against the very best top
laners in the world like I think that
you can easily have doc camping for that
sort of Lane and you end up in like a
reign over who needs
situation where they're just smashing
the season because like you can play so
heavily around him like I just don't see
even if da rock is like is not reformed
or is not the model citizen or whatever
I still don't see this team being that
bad just because I personally have like
a lot of faith in honey and just his
ability to carry carry games but yeah I
mean it's it's certainly like it's
certainly concerning as far as you know
if tarik is not really like you know it
has not changed if he is causing
problems if Adrian's causing problems if
you know there's having those sort of
roster issues the team doesn't doesn't
do very well right the team is not gonna
be like competing for a championship no
chance
the team is maybe gonna get playoffs
then immediately lose like that's not
the kind of thing you want when you have
someone coming straight from the World
Finals back into your region right my
prediction for echo fox is that they
especially because you have to remember
we're switching to best one this team
will just be insane because sometimes
they will have amazing games and they'll
knock somebody out of first place and
other times they will lose to the worst
team in the league that they will just
be like super volatile you never know
what you're gonna get sometimes they
look amazing sometimes it'll be a
disaster
I actually somehow agree with Travis is
a analysis I think you know clock is
Right twice today I think this will be a
really hard to judge for sure
I think if dart off works out you have a
potentially like top four five team like
Dignitas is was a team that finished top
four you have the same botlane I would
say honey is better than some day at
least internationally from what we can
see his English is really good which i
think is super important and so I think
he has a better influence and he's super
super fucking good so I could see how
better Dignitas here and then like that
oh go ahead did you think there's only
worked it's very tilted if garlic is
being right if he's not reformed I think
hooni just coming from SKT like great
team you know getting the bells from
Omaha he's like super good and then
Starbucks attitude was like super shitty
I think he won't be altered from that
well so that was got the belt from coma
by the way I mean the rumors I was
hearing at world
like Houdini was arguing with coma and
it was like a shit show so yeah they
slept some wonky pics yeah time so we'll
see but I think if doc does work out I
think you're looking at like top four
top five if he doesn't who knows yeah
thank you so much that's Sookie for
calling in great to hear from you and I
hope you have a good rest of your day
yeah I'll go I've got one last person
here at the end of the show we'll do
some shout outs and wrap it up we got
sprint speed on the show and but the
only thing we know about him so far is
that he works for our future sponsor
Geico how do you remember that sponsors
I remember everything yeah subs not so
much
you only need one sponsor to make
something profitable I can't discuss any
strategy as it might relate to Geico
yeah worried call me yeah yeah I just
want to fill out there in case my boss
sees this clip yeah I'm from the DC area
I'm actually bit of both of you mark and
Travis in person multiple times and I'm
really good friends with one of Travis's
colleagues so I've low-key been stalking
for a few years hope you don't mind
which one of my colleagues she has
described yourself as double lifts mom
not sure if that makes it easier or
harder but she also leads the rift
Herald oh okay okay yeah I was actually
gonna meet her in New York and she's
like no I'm hanging out with Travis by
yeah what do you got for us all right so
I wanted to talk to you
right here he made the transition from
pro where the Warcraft player into
caster so I was wondering what kind of
specific struggles or metrics she had
you had to overcome in becoming a caster
or what you found really difficult and
then as maybe in addition to that after
going from World of Warcraft to legal
legends obviously probably had a
stronger base in the WoW scene what do
you find particularly difficult about
that transition between game be game and
if you have any thoughts relating to
kind of this burden on a lot of
analytical casters
when they have to switch titles I think
as far as going from pro to to caster
there's like there's a lot of things
that you don't really think about I
guess I guess it's very easy to just
watch the games to think okay well I
know about this I can talk about it very
easily some of the obvious things is
removing fillers as much as you can
trying to you know control the tone of
your voice like all these things but to
be honest a lot of that stuff was so
much less important in WoW because there
was not a super strong base of casters
and just because I was a current pro and
I was one of the best I could I could
cast Wow without really yes being a good
caster I mean it's it's it's not
something like league where it's super
super developed right and there was this
huge amount of competition like the
first thing I ever cast for Wow was
literally a Blizzcon because like I was
known enough in the game and had like a
big history in the game so I was able to
do it just based on my game knowledge
just based on my brand within that game
so like I feel like it wasn't more until
later on where it was more competition
like a saying you know so graph casting
her stone and these sorts of things that
I started really having to like work
more on technique part of it I think
just came from me with like you know
seeing what other people did did better
than me and trying to work on it over
time and just trying to improve as I go
I think the bigger struggles as far as
realizing how different it was going
from from other games like Blizzard
games to League League and some other
games as well you know I guess
counter-strike is kind of more similar
have very different defined roles right
when I was casting wow I could be
talking about the analysis of the game
and this like crazy is happening and
then now I'm doing play at play and it's
the same thing with Starcraft is horse
zone is like very conversational so
that's kind of different like there's
not there's not like the play-by-play
guy and the analyst guy right in WoW I
was doing both I could talk about why I
was happening but then I could also be
popping off and doing play-by-play and I
actually kind of liked that but when you
move over to League there's tuber
defined rules a rivet is your
play-by-play you're the you're the color
cast or you're the analyst so
you have to actually like stay within
your lane kind of so to speak and that
was I think the biggest struggle as far
as swapping swapping like casting
style-wise from one game to another is
never like kind of stepping on their
toes like never trying to actually do do
their job or whatever right because if
you're filling the air space then they
don't have anything to say so that was
something that I think was difficult
that was definitely the most difficult
thing I think going from blizzard games
to to leak and the only thing I would
say as far as like the burden of of
learning a new game it's it's almost the
same thing I was saying earlier guy as
far as like oh if it's pro gaming or if
it's casting or whatever I I truly
believe that you cannot be like really
really good and really really
knowledgeable unless you actually just
really enjoy the game because I wouldn't
want to be casting League if I didn't
feel like I knew a lot about it and I
wouldn't know a lot about it if I just
didn't play at all the fuck like I
placed so much League right and and I
wanted to cast leak because I wanted to
play league and I didn't want to play
the blizzard games anymore I was bored
of them and I was really enjoying League
so it's like when I was doing Kirsten
like I enjoyed her on for really long
time but I was I was bored of the game
so playing the game all time and
studying the game to cast it was not fun
for me anymore but leak was fun to play
and so I played it all the time and I
learned it and like as a result I became
knowledgeable and from there then it's
you know it didn't feel like as much of
a burden so it's because I was doing it
since I enjoyed it
yeah so if you can speak to this do you
think the style that riot implements in
terms of its casting duo's where they
like to kind of switch up the pairings
do you think that might be more or less
effective and other titles like
hearthstone where maybe you want it to
be more of a conversation I think I
think it a game like her so there's like
everyone basically is the same role so I
don't think that like you need like a
play-by-play and and the color caster to
me like her stone should actually be
only like your color casters our
analysts look I don't think that like a
hype guy serves almost any purpose in
her exactly like there are some people
that do it but like I think it's pretty
worthless like it's like
any anyone can can be excited about like
a cool play or whatever right like it
doesn't you don't actually need good
play-by-play in her stone so in a game
like that I think it it certainly wasn't
needed
honestly looking back at like wow or
whatever I think it could have been
better and same thing with with
Starcraft I think it certainly could be
improved by having more defined roles
because one of the biggest things is
people to step on each other's feet way
more when there's not like a clear line
right I know I know that when the fight
starts if Mark is my play-by-play I'm
supposed to shut up and he's supposed to
start popping off rightly should be even
if I'm not your play-by-play a little
bit just in general yeah just think
that's something that it's it's so much
less defined and especially when a lot
of a lot of tournaments like if you're
always casting the same person and the
roles aren't defined then that's easier
to like get that synergy if you
comfortable with that but in Wow and
like a lot of like her stone events and
stuff that did you're just like slapped
together with people that you've like
never actually even really cast with or
you like don't prep with you don't like
have time to do any of this stuff with
and then you're both basically like just
in this ambiguous space where you're
supposed to both kind of do both roles
and it's very hard to not step on each
other's toes somewhat so like if I signs
people like sent me clips of like Wow
casting is I feel like ah man I really
missed me kiss classic wow it was like
so sick whatever and they linked me some
YouTube clip and listened to I'm like
holy God this is so bad because just
because I'm just like oh my God we're
non-stop stepping on each other we're
interrupting each other we're like don't
really have a good flow and stuff just
cuz you didn't have the opportunity to
like really work on it and have
established roles cool good a sprint
speed thanks so much for calling in
we can talk specifics around the deal
later on but really appreciate you I
make no promises having I'm not here for
that
yeah I think thanks so much for all the
colors that called in I really
appreciate Marx's yelling I was an asset
Isaac who's your favorite to work with
or who do you think you work best with
in league yeah for like because you're
talking about like how pairings and
roles help a lot
I think that like obviously it's true
and then like even some specific people
just work there together like you have a
more similar sense of humor or whatever
I think I think if you're if you're
talking and play by plays I think it
depends on the type of game like and
there's different things that different
people do better like one of it so if I
have like a slow game I think the most
like the best person that cast with is
freak because I feel like freak knows so
much about the game and you can just
basically be two color casters talking
about the game and theorizing things
that they should do and this sort of
thing which like I kind of like doing
like when a game is really really slow I
think that it's kind of nice that you
have another guy there who knows so much
I'm gonna go down that road and then as
far as as far as just like who is really
fun to cast I mean I honestly like
casting with all them
I think like patient time can be really
fun to cast with because he's just such
a high-energy like you obviously know
like he's always in a good mood he's
always so high energy and for me like
sometimes if I if I am feeling more
tired or whatever just like being around
him like kind of like hypes you up and
everything kind of brings up the energy
which I think can make for fun cast so
definitely definitely fun but honestly
all the guys are really good
riffs really fun cast with flowers I
think has gotten so good so fast like
he's really fun like passing a quick
shot and stuff a lot so there's there's
lots of really good casters who didn't
he mentioned twitch chat find out
because that's clearly who he hates
let's go around for mention mark Z yeah
exactly
come to me the analyst test you'd say
that my face yeah let's go around and do
some shout outs and final ramp ups mark
you got anything you want is the pencil
for the way there's the pencil there we
go okay I don't have too much to wrap up
I'm probably gonna so I lost the
batteries to my camera so I think I need
to buy some more batteries 117 2018 year
of professionalism and legal edges
eSports
my batteries are missing for my cameras
on and off like a crazy hope they would
turn up they didn't turn up they never
came home yeah he was slippin down in
the webcam window - what are you saying
you're saying I'm like giving clothes
told her to czarina kobe those aren't
play that plays oh god yeah come on I
stepped up
I'll be putting out some videos this
week I think even if I can't get my cam
like found my batteries I'll just use
someone else's but I'll be putting out
some videos this week so follow my
twitter at the mark see also check out
offline TV so I'm spending a fair amount
of time on because it's the offseason
videos are doing pretty good so I'm
happy yeah I'm happy for you
they even watch them so yeah I'll find
on TV yeah
of course I love all your content my
twitter thing is right here if you want
to follow me go ahead but yeah it was
fun being on the show enjoyed it maybe
yeah maybe I will do it again sometime
yeah maybe if we're lucky thank you so
much a sale for coming on really
appreciate for me I've got a bunch of
stuff coming out this week I've got
interviews with a team I'm not gonna say
who it's big surprise I've got
rocks awfully videos coming up but
awfully didn't have a voice because she
got sick so she's mostly just whispering
it's very depressing and kind of ASMR
tastic and then but just a bunch of
other stuff so please check it out also
obvious to get around on the stream for
just a little bit longer after we say
goodbye toes ale so I'll be back in a
little bit just to hang out and chat
with the the chat because I know people
like to do that a little bit at the end
here so anyway that's the end of the
show thanks so much for watching